this is a test of an external mic a cut
for the hero4 silver that a on this is
the one that I bought there Boyet be ylm
20 the box explains that it's a clip mic
for GoPro Hero 3 + 0 3 0 2 camcorders
and it's very simple
you've got the 3.5 jack
it goes through the LAV mic lavalier mic
and it has a clip on it not sure if you
can see that too well but it's nice and
simple as a wind popper - case you have
problems with popping sounds which other
peas popping potatoes practice etc and
of course it comes with y'all important
USB connection to the 3.5 Jack and I'm
not sure if there's anything special
about this or it's just this company
boyar have relabeled a very simple piece
you can get online but I got this pretty
much the same price as the let's just
say the Chinese brands on eBay
everything's made in China anyway so
it's a bit of a misnomer this is the
sound from the standard built in GoPro
Hero 4 microphone let's plug this in and
see how it goes
with this see if you can notice any
difference with the sound you can
basically work out how far I am away now
I'm touching the camera and those of you
with GoPros know that I'm approximately
at an arm's length okay so let's get the
other one attached I have noticed so far
so I'm a look just plug it into the USB
there
now the last clip we fast-forwarded
because there was no sound I've stopped
the video reattached the microphone and
this is the next test how does it sound
if you can hear it at all well if you
can't I won't plate which means this
sentence is useless unless you can hear
it then you can tell if the sound is any
different just for comparison sake just
in case this did work I'm going to take
the microphone out now and continue
talking so you can see if there's any
kind of difference right so I've played
it back to myself and I've noticed as
you guys probably have a marked
difference now I'm still not convinced
by the reliability if somebody's got an
idea why it doesn't always work let me
know maybe I have to do something with
the connection I'm very interested to
hear but this is the one I bought it
looks like it's a very simple lav
microphone apparently it's very useful
and I read a recommendation to make sure
the mics as close as possible
potentially if you're near computer
equipment or stereo equipment you might
get some buzzing I did get buzzing
yesterday and when I play this back to
myself after the recording I'm going to
see if there's a buzzing you guys can
hear if there's a buzzing I hope that's
been useful the mic I used again this
one the bee why LM twenty boy a mic I
got it for a tenner at the photo show
probably going for around that price
online so check it out reviews on Amazon
a decent so either I've got a dove one
if this is buzzing or there's some
things you guys can teach me thanks for
your time take it easy
be good go away